= Example Docs
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 2
:sectlinks:
:docinfo: shared-head

[[simple-usage]]
== Simple Usage
=== Request example
include::{snippets}/simple-usage/http-request.adoc[]

=== Request body explanation
include::{snippets}/simple-usage/request-fields.adoc[]

=== Response example
include::{snippets}/simple-usage/http-response.adoc[]

=== Response body explanation
include::{snippets}/simple-usage/response-fields.adoc[]

[[full-usage]]
== Full Usage
=== Request example
include::{snippets}/full-usage/http-request.adoc[]

=== Path variable explanation
include::{snippets}/full-usage/path-parameters.adoc[]

=== Query parameter explanation
include::{snippets}/full-usage/query-parameters.adoc[]

=== Request cookie explanation
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-cookies.adoc[]

=== Request header explanation
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-headers.adoc[]

=== Request body explanation
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-fields.adoc[]

==== bodyObjectProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-fields-bodyObjectProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyObjectListProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-fields-bodyObjectListProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyObjectNestedObjectProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-fields-bodyObjectNestedObjectProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyObjectNestedObjectListProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-fields-bodyObjectNestedObjectListProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyNestedObjectMultiNestedObjectProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-fields-bodyNestedObjectMultiNestedObjectProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyNestedObjectMultiNestedObjectListProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/request-fields-bodyNestedObjectMultiNestedObjectListProperty.adoc[]

=== Response example
include::{snippets}/full-usage/http-response.adoc[]

=== Response body explanation
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-fields.adoc[]

==== bodyObjectProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-fields-bodyObjectProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyObjectListProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-fields-bodyObjectListProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyObjectNestedObjectProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-fields-bodyObjectNestedObjectProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyObjectNestedObjectListProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-fields-bodyObjectNestedObjectListProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyNestedObjectMultiNestedObjectProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-fields-bodyNestedObjectMultiNestedObjectProperty.adoc[]

==== bodyNestedObjectMultiNestedObjectListProperty
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-fields-bodyNestedObjectMultiNestedObjectListProperty.adoc[]

=== Response cookie explanation
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-cookies.adoc[]

=== Response header explanation
include::{snippets}/full-usage/response-headers.adoc[]